#GID	ID	Cluster	Start	End	Strand	Length	DR	DRIdent	DRLeft	DRRight	TIR	TIRIdent	TIRLeft	TIRRight	DRAT	TIRAT	MITEAT	FDRAT	PreSite	PostSite	MITE	TotalScore	Copy status
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	0	7	108904	109333	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.622642	AACAATAAACCTTTACTTCATTTTATTAACTCCGCAACGCGGGGCGTTTGTAAAGATTTTATTATGCTAATCAAATTGTTAACTAAAGTTTTCGGTAGTCGTA	AACAATAAACCTTTACTTCATTTTATTAACTCCGCAACGCGGGGCGTTTGTAATAAAGATTTTATTATGCTAATCAAATTGTTAACTAAAGTTTTCGGTAGTCGTA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	1	7	160931	161360	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.45283	CCAGGCGAGTGCTTCACGATAGGCGTCGTGACGTTGCGATTGCCAGAGAATAACATCGCCGTCCCAGTGCAGACCGTAATGTTCCAGCTGGCGCAGGATAGTT	CCAGGCGAGTGCTTCACGATAGGCGTCGTGACGTTGCGATTGCCAGAGAATAATAACATCGCCGTCCCAGTGCAGACCGTAATGTTCCAGCTGGCGCAGGATAGTT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	2	7	307243	307672	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.377358	TGGTTTGCGTCCGGCAGTCGGCGTTCCCTTCGCCCAGAGTCGGTACTCCGTAATCGCTGTTGATAAATACTTCCGCCAGCGAGTGGGTATTTATCAACCGTAG	TGGTTTGCGTCCGGCAGTCGGCGTTCCCTTCGCCCAGAGTCGGTACTCCGTAATAATCGCTGTTGATAAATACTTCCGCCAGCGAGTGGGTATTTATCAACCGTAG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	3	7	384194	384631	+	438	2	1	AA	AA	19	0.947368	CTAAGGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCCTAAG	1	0.473684	0.530752	0.5	CAGACGGGTTAACGGCAGCAAAGAACCTTGCAGAGGCGTTCGAGCATTATAATGGCATCCGCATAGTGCGCTGGGTTATCGCTCGCCACGGGAATATCTGCG	CAGACGGGTTAACGGCAGCAAAGAACCTTGCAGAGGCGTTCGAGCATTATAAAATGGCATCCGCATAGTGCGCTGGGTTATCGCTCGCCACGGGAATATCTGCG	CTAAGGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCCTAAG	21.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	4	7	428432	428861	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.433962	TATAGCGAAAAACCGGGCGCGGTTGCAGCCCCGACCGCAGGTCTGCATTTTAATGACGAGCCTTTGCTGGAAAAATTGCGCGCCAAAGGCGTGGAGATGGCGT	TATAGCGAAAAACCGGGCGCGGTTGCAGCCCCGACCGCAGGTCTGCATTTTAATAATGACGAGCCTTTGCTGGAAAAATTGCGCGCCAAAGGCGTGGAGATGGCGT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	5	7	434315	434744	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.584906	ATTGCCACGATCATGAGCATTCGAAATATACCGAAGCGGATCAGTATGGTTAAACGACCGTTATCGCAGGGGAAGATGCGCAGAAAGATGTCGGTGAAGCGAA	ATTGCCACGATCATGAGCATTCGAAATATACCGAAGCGGATCAGTATGGTTAATAAACGACCGTTATCGCAGGGGAAGATGCGCAGAAAGATGTCGGTGAAGCGAA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	6	7	542180	542609	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.679245	CGTTATTCGATACGTGAAATTAAGAGGGATTTATGGAACATCAGAGAAAATAACTATTCCAGCAACGCGGCTATAGCGAAGATCTATTGCCGAAAACGCAAAG	CGTTATTCGATACGTGAAATTAAGAGGGATTTATGGAACATCAGAGAAAATAATAACTATTCCAGCAACGCGGCTATAGCGAAGATCTATTGCCGAAAACGCAAAG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	7	7	549184	549613	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.509434	GGGATAAAAATCATGCAGGTTGGTACGCGAGGCGCGAAAATTTGCGCGTCTAAGTGCCCGGCACCACTGTGCATCACCCGGTAATTCAGTTTTTCTCTTTCAC	GGGATAAAAATCATGCAGGTTGGTACGCGAGGCGCGAAAATTTGCGCGTCTAATAAGTGCCCGGCACCACTGTGCATCACCCGGTAATTCAGTTTTTCTCTTTCAC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	8	7	1075773	1076210	+	438	3	1	TCT	TCT	19	0.947368	ATAAGGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCCTAAT	0.666667	0.526316	0.535308	0.679245	GCGTTTTTTTAATCATAAGAGCGGCTTATGGATAATTATTGGAGATGATATCTCGCTAAGAAGCTGTTGCAGGATATTACCAAACGCGGGTCTGCCCGCGTCA	GCGTTTTTTTAATCATAAGAGCGGCTTATGGATAATTATTGGAGATGATATCTTCTCGCTAAGAAGCTGTTGCAGGATATTACCAAACGCGGGTCTGCCCGCGTCA	ATAAGGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCCTAAT	23.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	9	7	1162829	1163258	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.679245	GCCCGAATTAGTCATGAAAAAAGTGTTATTGATAATCTTGTTATTGCTGGTAATGGTACTGGGTATCGCCGCTGGTGTGGGCGTCTGGAAGGTTCGCCATCTT	GCCCGAATTAGTCATGAAAAAAGTGTTATTGATAATCTTGTTATTGCTGGTAATAATGGTACTGGGTATCGCCGCTGGTGTGGGCGTCTGGAAGGTTCGCCATCTT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	10	7	1329690	1330119	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.396226	GCGCGGTGGCAATAGCGCGCAGTACAGCGCGGGCTTTGTTACGGGTTTCGTAATCGGCTTCCGACTGCGGAACAGAATCAAGGACTACACCAGCACCCGCTTG	GCGCGGTGGCAATAGCGCGCAGTACAGCGCGGGCTTTGTTACGGGTTTCGTAATAATCGGCTTCCGACTGCGGAACAGAATCAAGGACTACACCAGCACCCGCTTG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	11	7	1353466	1353895	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.584906	ATTCATCTACTTATGCGCGCTTCAGATAGCGTTTATACCAGCGTTCGAAGTAAGCGACGGCGGGCATCGGTTTGGCAAACAAAAATCCTTGCCGCTCATTGAT	ATTCATCTACTTATGCGCGCTTCAGATAGCGTTTATACCAGCGTTCGAAGTAATAAGCGACGGCGGGCATCGGTTTGGCAAACAAAAATCCTTGCCGCTCATTGAT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	12	7	1415225	1415654	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.490566	GTAACCAACGTGCGCCGCAGCGTATCGACACGCTGCAGCTTGATAATTTCTAACTCACCACCGGATTTCTCGACATCATCCCACTAAGTCAGCCGCTGGAGTT	GTAACCAACGTGCGCCGCAGCGTATCGACACGCTGCAGCTTGATAATTTCTAATAACTCACCACCGGATTTCTCGACATCATCCCACTAAGTCAGCCGCTGGAGTT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	13	7	1431342	1431771	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.433962	ATTGCGAAAACCGATTCGAACGGAGCAGGGCGCTAACGGGGCGATACGGGTAAAGCTGGAAAAATTCCGCCAGCAGGGTTTTTCACCTGAGCAGGTGATTCGA	ATTGCGAAAACCGATTCGAACGGAGCAGGGCGCTAACGGGGCGATACGGGTAATAAAGCTGGAAAAATTCCGCCAGCAGGGTTTTTCACCTGAGCAGGTGATTCGA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	14	7	1815803	1816232	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.698113	CTTTAGATATTTTCTTTTGTCGAATGATGGCAAACAATGTCAGTCATATGTAATCCGCGATTTTATATATAGACAATCATACTTTGTCAGTAAGGCTACGAAT	CTTTAGATATTTTCTTTTGTCGAATGATGGCAAACAATGTCAGTCATATGTAATAATCCGCGATTTTATATATAGACAATCATACTTTGTCAGTAAGGCTACGAAT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	15	7	1963695	1964124	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.54717	TTAGGTGCAACCGACAGCGATATCGAAATCATCAAACGTCAATGGGGTGCTAAGTTTTACGGTACGGATCTGGAGTTGCAATTACGCCGCCGAGGTATCGATA	TTAGGTGCAACCGACAGCGATATCGAAATCATCAAACGTCAATGGGGTGCTAATAAGTTTTACGGTACGGATCTGGAGTTGCAATTACGCCGCCGAGGTATCGATA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	16	7	2040146	2040575	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.603774	AAATATTCCCTGTTGGATGGTCAGGATTGGAAGAGGTCAAAAATCTCAGCTAATTACTGTCATAGAGCTGATACTCACCATCGAGGTTTTTATCGATGGCGTT	AAATATTCCCTGTTGGATGGTCAGGATTGGAAGAGGTCAAAAATCTCAGCTAATAATTACTGTCATAGAGCTGATACTCACCATCGAGGTTTTTATCGATGGCGTT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	17	7	2074593	2075022	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.622642	GATTATCTTTAGTTGTTGGAAATTCACGGTAAACTCCGGGCAGTTCAGATTAATTCCCGTTATTGTTAAAGTCTAATGCCCGGCATAACAAATAATAAAAACC	GATTATCTTTAGTTGTTGGAAATTCACGGTAAACTCCGGGCAGTTCAGATTAATAATTCCCGTTATTGTTAAAGTCTAATGCCCGGCATAACAAATAATAAAAACC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	18	7	2183567	2183996	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.45283	GAAGTTTGGCGTCGCAACGGTGATTGCCGGTGGTGGCGATGGCACCATTATAAATGAAGTTTCTACGGCGTTGATTCAGTGTGAGGGGGATGACATACCCGCG	GAAGTTTGGCGTCGCAACGGTGATTGCCGGTGGTGGCGATGGCACCATTATAATAAATGAAGTTTCTACGGCGTTGATTCAGTGTGAGGGGGATGACATACCCGCG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	19	7	2215889	2216318	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.509434	CGAATTCGATCTCCGACTGCGTAAGCATCTCTCTCTGGCAGAGGAAAGCTTAAGCTGGCAGCGTTGCGCCGACAAACTCATTGCCGCACTACCAGGAATAAAC	CGAATTCGATCTCCGACTGCGTAAGCATCTCTCTCTGGCAGAGGAAAGCTTAATAAGCTGGCAGCGTTGCGCCGACAAACTCATTGCCGCACTACCAGGAATAAAC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	20	7	2273958	2274387	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.509434	GCCTGATCGATCGCCGCATTGATAGTGTGTTCCGGCATAGCAAACTGTTCTAACGGGATCGGGTTCGCTACCACGAGGCCACCGTTCAGACCGCTTTGCCATT	GCCTGATCGATCGCCGCATTGATAGTGTGTTCCGGCATAGCAAACTGTTCTAATAACGGGATCGGGTTCGCTACCACGAGGCCACCGTTCAGACCGCTTTGCCATT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	21	7	2331834	2332263	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.528302	TTGCTGCCGCATTTGAATCTGCAAAACATCACCACCATGGCGGAACAGCATAATCAGGGGATTATTCAGGCGACGATCAATAACGAGCTGTATGAGATCCGCA	TTGCTGCCGCATTTGAATCTGCAAAACATCACCACCATGGCGGAACAGCATAATAATCAGGGGATTATTCAGGCGACGATCAATAACGAGCTGTATGAGATCCGCA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	22	7	2373435	2373864	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.528302	CTTGATGTGCTACAAACCGCCACGCGGGGTGAATGGTATAAGGGAGATTTTAATTTTGCGCCGCAACCGTGGCAGCAGTTCGGTGTAACCACTGATGAGACGC	CTTGATGTGCTACAAACCGCCACGCGGGGTGAATGGTATAAGGGAGATTTTAATAATTTTGCGCCGCAACCGTGGCAGCAGTTCGGTGTAACCACTGATGAGACGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	23	7	2623072	2623501	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.415094	CAGAGCACAGAACCCTTCTGGGATGAGCGGGTGATCCGCCCCATCGTGAGTAACGCCACCCAACGGCTGGCCAAAGAAATACAGCATCTGCAAAGCGGCGACT	CAGAGCACAGAACCCTTCTGGGATGAGCGGGTGATCCGCCCCATCGTGAGTAATAACGCCACCCAACGGCTGGCCAAAGAAATACAGCATCTGCAAAGCGGCGACT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	24	7	2645422	2645851	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.490566	GAACCTATTCTCGTTGAAAGCCGCCGGATGGGTTGTGTCAGCTTTGCCCATAAGCTTTATTTTCCTGGCGGGGTCATCAATAAAGAGAATTTTCAGCGCGCTC	GAACCTATTCTCGTTGAAAGCCGCCGGATGGGTTGTGTCAGCTTTGCCCATAATAAGCTTTATTTTCCTGGCGGGGTCATCAATAAAGAGAATTTTCAGCGCGCTC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	25	7	2922741	2923170	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.566038	ACACCGCAAAATGATTACTTCCGCGATGATCATTACCGGATTACTGGGTCTAATGTTAATGGCAACGTATCCACCGCTGTGGGTAATGCTCTGTATTCAGATC	ACACCGCAAAATGATTACTTCCGCGATGATCATTACCGGATTACTGGGTCTAATAATGTTAATGGCAACGTATCCACCGCTGTGGGTAATGCTCTGTATTCAGATC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	26	7	2953731	2954160	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.415094	GATGACTTAGCCGCCACGCTGGCGGTCAAAGTGACACAGGCCGGGCATCATAAGGCAACGATTGTTTCGACAGATAAAGGCTACTGTCAGTTACTTTCACCGA	GATGACTTAGCCGCCACGCTGGCGGTCAAAGTGACACAGGCCGGGCATCATAATAAGGCAACGATTGTTTCGACAGATAAAGGCTACTGTCAGTTACTTTCACCGA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	27	7	2966877	2967306	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.471698	GGGCGGCGGCAAAATGGTTCACGAAGTGAGTTTTGACGGCTTCACGACTCTAAAATCTGCGCCGTGGAAACTGGAAGCTGGAACGCCAAATGTCGCTGGTGTC	GGGCGGCGGCAAAATGGTTCACGAAGTGAGTTTTGACGGCTTCACGACTCTAATAAAATCTGCGCCGTGGAAACTGGAAGCTGGAACGCCAAATGTCGCTGGTGTC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	28	7	3016044	3016473	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.754717	GGATCCATTAATACTTAATCAGGAATTAGTGCAAATCATTTCAAATAAAATAAAAATCGATGGTCTCTATACCTATCCGATGGCTGCGACAAATTTTTGTAAT	GGATCCATTAATACTTAATCAGGAATTAGTGCAAATCATTTCAAATAAAATAATAAAAATCGATGGTCTCTATACCTATCCGATGGCTGCGACAAATTTTTGTAAT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	29	7	3017895	3018324	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.641509	CGTTCCTTTCATTCAATCCTCACACATGAAAAAATATGCGCTCACCAAAATAAGTTAAATTCTTAACCATCTTCACGTTTTGTATATTTATTACAAAAATGTC	CGTTCCTTTCATTCAATCCTCACACATGAAAAAATATGCGCTCACCAAAATAATAAGTTAAATTCTTAACCATCTTCACGTTTTGTATATTTATTACAAAAATGTC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	30	7	3021369	3021798	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.45283	CGATGGCGGTACAGCAGGTTTTCGCTCAAGCAACAGCGCATTCTGGCGCATAATGATCCGGTAAACACGTTTGGCATTGATCGCAGGCATACCATCAAGTTCT	CGATGGCGGTACAGCAGGTTTTCGCTCAAGCAACAGCGCATTCTGGCGCATAATAATGATCCGGTAAACACGTTTGGCATTGATCGCAGGCATACCATCAAGTTCT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	31	7	3109055	3109484	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.566038	TGGAAGTTCATCGGCAGGCGTAAAAAACCAAAGGCATTGGAAACCAGTGATAAGTTATCGTATTGATGACCTAAGGTGCTCATGGATGGACTCCTATTACAAA	TGGAAGTTCATCGGCAGGCGTAAAAAACCAAAGGCATTGGAAACCAGTGATAATAAGTTATCGTATTGATGACCTAAGGTGCTCATGGATGGACTCCTATTACAAA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	32	7	3137672	3138101	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.377358	GGACATCCAGTCCGGCGCGACGGTAGCGCGGGTGATGCCGTTTTCCTGCATAAACCACTGCGCAATGTTGCGCATATGCTGTTGGTGAATCACTGCTACGGTT	GGACATCCAGTCCGGCGCGACGGTAGCGCGGGTGATGCCGTTTTCCTGCATAATAAACCACTGCGCAATGTTGCGCATATGCTGTTGGTGAATCACTGCTACGGTT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	33	7	3189691	3190120	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.54717	AACACCCTCTGAAGGTCTGAGAGACTGGCATTGTACGTCACCTGAAATCATAAGGTTAGGGCATTGTTAAAAGCCGCTCTCTGGAAAAGCGTATTGTTAATCG	AACACCCTCTGAAGGTCTGAGAGACTGGCATTGTACGTCACCTGAAATCATAATAAGGTTAGGGCATTGTTAAAAGCCGCTCTCTGGAAAAGCGTATTGTTAATCG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	34	7	3294528	3294957	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.622642	CCACCGCCTCAGAAGACATACCGCTTATCTCATTAACCATATTTTTCATTTAATCACGGGTAATGGATTCGGAACGGGAGAGTAACAATTGACCGGCAGGTGT	CCACCGCCTCAGAAGACATACCGCTTATCTCATTAACCATATTTTTCATTTAATAATCACGGGTAATGGATTCGGAACGGGAGAGTAACAATTGACCGGCAGGTGT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	35	7	3391410	3391839	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.660377	TAATTATGTCGTTCGTATGACCTTACAATTTAAAACGCTCCCTTCAGGAATAAAAACGGGGGCTATAAATAAGACCTATTTTCTACCACACACCAGTACAACT	TAATTATGTCGTTCGTATGACCTTACAATTTAAAACGCTCCCTTCAGGAATAATAAAAACGGGGGCTATAAATAAGACCTATTTTCTACCACACACCAGTACAACT	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	36	7	3420950	3421379	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.471698	TTCATAGACACCACTGAGGCTGGCAGTCACTTCCTGTACGCGCTTGTCCGTAACTTCGCGGGCAACCTTATCGACGCGACGCAGGATATCCAGCTTCTCTTCA	TTCATAGACACCACTGAGGCTGGCAGTCACTTCCTGTACGCGCTTGTCCGTAATAACTTCGCGGGCAACCTTATCGACGCGACGCAGGATATCCAGCTTCTCTTCA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	37	7	3614137	3614566	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.679245	GAAATAATGATGATTTCATAAACCCTGATCTACAAGAACGGTTAGTGATCTAAGGGGATTATAGCATTTCAATATTTACTTATGACATTAAAGGTGATGCTGC	GAAATAATGATGATTTCATAAACCCTGATCTACAAGAACGGTTAGTGATCTAATAAGGGGATTATAGCATTTCAATATTTACTTATGACATTAAAGGTGATGCTGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	38	7	3642088	3642517	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.396226	AAATCACCGGTACGCCCGCCCAGCTCATCACCAGCCCAGCCAGTGGTCCATAAGTCACGCCAAGCGATAAATCCATAAATACGGTGTAAGTTGCCAGCGCCGC	AAATCACCGGTACGCCCGCCCAGCTCATCACCAGCCCAGCCAGTGGTCCATAATAAGTCACGCCAAGCGATAAATCCATAAATACGGTGTAAGTTGCCAGCGCCGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	39	7	3843203	3843632	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.433962	AGCGGCGCGGATCGGTGTAGCGCAGCACTTTGCCGTTGCTCATCACCAAATAATCCACATGGTCATGCTTTTCAGGGGGAAGTTCTTCTGGAAGGATGCGCAG	AGCGGCGCGGATCGGTGTAGCGCAGCACTTTGCCGTTGCTCATCACCAAATAATAATCCACATGGTCATGCTTTTCAGGGGGAAGTTCTTCTGGAAGGATGCGCAG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	40	7	3855627	3856056	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.377358	TGCCGACCGTACCCACAACATGCGCACGCTGGGCTCACTTCGCCCGGACATAAAACGTCGCCGCATCGCCCGTGAAACTCTCGAAATTTATAGCCCGCTGGCG	TGCCGACCGTACCCACAACATGCGCACGCTGGGCTCACTTCGCCCGGACATAATAAAACGTCGCCGCATCGCCCGTGAAACTCTCGAAATTTATAGCCCGCTGGCG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	41	7	3928201	3928630	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.433962	CCGCCTGCCGGATCAACCGCTGGCCGGTAAACCGGTATTGATTCAGACCATAAGCTCAATGGGCGTGATTGGCGGCGCGCGCTGTCAGTATCACCTGCGCCAG	CCGCCTGCCGGATCAACCGCTGGCCGGTAAACCGGTATTGATTCAGACCATAATAAGCTCAATGGGCGTGATTGGCGGCGCGCGCTGTCAGTATCACCTGCGCCAG	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	42	7	4043939	4044368	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.490566	GCGTTGCCGTTTGCTATCAACGTACTGACCCACAGCAGACAGCGATATCGTAAACGTAACTTACGCTTCTATGCTGATGACCCAACGATTCGCGTCGGTGGGC	GCGTTGCCGTTTGCTATCAACGTACTGACCCACAGCAGACAGCGATATCGTAATAAACGTAACTTACGCTTCTATGCTGATGACCCAACGATTCGCGTCGGTGGGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	43	7	4125071	4125500	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.584906	AAATTGCAGCGGTAAATCGTTATGTGCGGCACAGCTTTTTAACGCTGCTATAACCAGTTTCTGGTTGGGGAAGTAGCGCTTGTCAAACAGCATCAGCCCCGGC	AAATTGCAGCGGTAAATCGTTATGTGCGGCACAGCTTTTTAACGCTGCTATAATAACCAGTTTCTGGTTGGGGAAGTAGCGCTTGTCAAACAGCATCAGCCCCGGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	44	7	4228403	4228832	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.433962	CAGAGCCGCGCCCGCTTGTCGTTGGTCGAGTTGCTCCAGTAGTTCGTGAATAACAGTTTGCCCGGCGGCGCACTGCATCGCTTGATCGTTAAACAGGATCTGC	CAGAGCCGCGCCCGCTTGTCGTTGGTCGAGTTGCTCCAGTAGTTCGTGAATAATAACAGTTTGCCCGGCGGCGCACTGCATCGCTTGATCGTTAAACAGGATCTGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	45	7	4229387	4229816	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.490566	ATGTCGGGATTCAACTGTGTCAGTCGCTGTTGGCTGACCTGCGATTTCGGTAAGCGATCGATATCTTCAGTGGTAAAGAGGATTTGTCGTTGCAGATTGCTTA	ATGTCGGGATTCAACTGTGTCAGTCGCTGTTGGCTGACCTGCGATTTCGGTAATAAGCGATCGATATCTTCAGTGGTAAAGAGGATTTGTCGTTGCAGATTGCTTA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	46	7	4265590	4266019	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.622642	TTGAAGGAACTGGATGCGCTCTATGAGCAATTGCTCAGTAATTTAAAGCTTAAGGCAATGTCGGTGTTCTTCTCTGGCGATGTCACCAGCGCTCGTCGTTTGC	TTGAAGGAACTGGATGCGCTCTATGAGCAATTGCTCAGTAATTTAAAGCTTAATAAGGCAATGTCGGTGTTCTTCTCTGGCGATGTCACCAGCGCTCGTCGTTTGC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	47	7	4315277	4315706	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.641509	ATGCTTTAATTGTATGTCACCGACGTTTCTTCGCCAGTGTAAAAGTATACTAATTTTTAACCGCAATATTTTTGTCATCTCAGACGATTTTTTATCGCAATCC	ATGCTTTAATTGTATGTCACCGACGTTTCTTCGCCAGTGTAAAAGTATACTAATAATTTTTAACCGCAATATTTTTGTCATCTCAGACGATTTTTTATCGCAATCC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	48	7	4514864	4515293	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.698113	TGACAAAGTAGGTAACAATGAAATTAATGACATCAAAGTTAACCTGTCTCTAAATATTCTTATTGATTCCTTAGATGATGCAAAGGTTAACCTTACACCGGTC	TGACAAAGTAGGTAACAATGAAATTAATGACATCAAAGTTAACCTGTCTCTAATAAATATTCTTATTGATTCCTTAGATGATGCAAAGGTTAACCTTACACCGGTC	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	49	7	4568669	4569098	+	430	3	1	TAA	TAA	15	1	GGCCAGTCACAATGG	CCATTGTGACTGGCC	1	0.4	0.526682	0.54717	CAACACCATGATTGCCGCAACGGTAATCATCAGACTGGCGCAACCTTTAATAAAGCCTTCACCAGCCGCCAGGCCAAAAATCAGACCGAGCACTACGCCGATA	CAACACCATGATTGCCGCAACGGTAATCATCAGACTGGCGCAACCTTTAATAATAAAGCCTTCACCAGCCGCCAGGCCAAAAATCAGACCGAGCACTACGCCGATA	GGCCAGTCACAATGGGGGTTTCACTGGTGTGTCATGCACATTTAATAGGGGTAAGACTGAATAAAAAATGATTATTTGCATGAAATGGGGATGAGAGAGAAGGAAAGAGTTTCATCCTGGTGAAACTCGTCAGCGTCGTTTCCAAGTCCTCGGTAACAGAGTGAAACCCCCGTTGAGGCCGATTCGTTTCATTCACCGGATCTCTTGCGTCCGCCTCCGCCGTGCGACCTCCGCATTCTCCCGCGCCGCGCCGGATTTTGGGTACAAATGATCCCAGCAACTTGTATCAATTAAATGCTTTGCTTAGTCTTGGAAACGTCAAAGTGAAACCCCTCCACTGTGGGGATTGTTTCATAAAAGATTTCATTTGAGAGAAGATGGTATAATATTTTGGGTAGCCGTGCAATGACACTAGCCATTGTGACTGGCC	21	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	50	6	55097	55234	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.533333	TGCATTAATCCATCAACGTCGCTTTCCAGCACGACGCCGTTATTGACGACCATTATCTACGGCTGCGACTTTATCGACTACCTGGGGGGCAGCGAAACTGGTATTCGCGA	TGCATTAATCCATCAACGTCGCTTTCCAGCACGACGCCGTTATTGACGACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGGCTGCGACTTTATCGACTACCTGGGGGGCAGCGAAACTGGTATTCGCGA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	51	6	300431	300568	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	CATTGTCCACCAGAACCCGCAGAAACCGGGAAACTGGAATCGCCGAGGTGCATTATCTACAACCGCAACCTGCTCCAGCGGTACGCCAAGCATTTCCGCTGCCGTCTGGG	CATTGTCCACCAGAACCCGCAGAAACCGGGAAACTGGAATCGCCGAGGTGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAACCGCAACCTGCTCCAGCGGTACGCCAAGCATTTCCGCTGCCGTCTGGG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	52	6	361883	362020	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.416667	GCTTAGCAGCGCACTGCTTGGTGGGGTGGGGATCGGCATCATTCAGGCGGCATTATCTACTGATGCCTTCGGTGATTAAACGGCGGTTTCAGCAGCGCACGCCACTGGTG	GCTTAGCAGCGCACTGCTTGGTGGGGTGGGGATCGGCATCATTCAGGCGGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTGATGCCTTCGGTGATTAAACGGCGGTTTCAGCAGCGCACGCCACTGGTG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	53	6	430670	430807	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.45	GGTAGCGGCAACGGGTGCACCGGCGCAAGGTAGCCCGATGTCTTTGATTTCATTATCTACTGATGCTGGTGGTATTCGGTCTGATTTTCTATTTCATGATCCTGCGTCCA	GGTAGCGGCAACGGGTGCACCGGCGCAAGGTAGCCCGATGTCTTTGATTTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTGATGCTGGTGGTATTCGGTCTGATTTTCTATTTCATGATCCTGCGTCCA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	54	6	489544	489681	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.566667	CAGAGGCGTAAACCCTCTGTTTTTGTTCATATGTAAACCTCGAGTGTCCGCATTATCTACATTTCAAATTGGTCAATGGTCAAAAGTTAATAAACCCATTGCTGCGTTTA	CAGAGGCGTAAACCCTCTGTTTTTGTTCATATGTAAACCTCGAGTGTCCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACATTTCAAATTGGTCAATGGTCAAAAGTTAATAAACCCATTGCTGCGTTTA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	55	6	590647	590784	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.55	CAGGCGGTAATTGGGTTCGTTGAGGAGCCAGCCTTTGATATTCAGATCAACATTATCTACATTCGTTGGCATAATTGAGTTGTGTATCAGGGTGTCTACTTTCATCCGTC	CAGGCGGTAATTGGGTTCGTTGAGGAGCCAGCCTTTGATATTCAGATCAACATTATCTACCATTATCTACATTCGTTGGCATAATTGAGTTGTGTATCAGGGTGTCTACTTTCATCCGTC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	56	6	692438	692575	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.5	ACCACTCCAGATCCAACCAAGATAGGTGGTGTTGCCGAACGGGGCTTGTTCATTATCTACGTAAAAAAATACCCCAGTTCCAGTCTATAGACATAAATCTACTCCAGAAA	ACCACTCCAGATCCAACCAAGATAGGTGGTGTTGCCGAACGGGGCTTGTTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGTAAAAAAATACCCCAGTTCCAGTCTATAGACATAAATCTACTCCAGAAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	57	6	874999	875136	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	CGCTTCGCTGGACCCACGTCAGACCATCGGTGATTCGATTATCGAACCGCCATTATCTACTGCGTGTACACGGTTTATTGCCAGGTAAAGACGCGGCTGCACGCGTTGCG	CGCTTCGCTGGACCCACGTCAGACCATCGGTGATTCGATTATCGAACCGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTGCGTGTACACGGTTTATTGCCAGGTAAAGACGCGGCTGCACGCGTTGCG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	58	6	928474	928611	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	GAAGCCGTACTGGTTTGCCTGGTCGGTGGCGCGTTGGGAATAACACTGTCCATTATCTACACTGTTAATTGCTTTCACCTTGCAGCTTTTCTTACCCGGCTGGGAGATTG	GAAGCCGTACTGGTTTGCCTGGTCGGTGGCGCGTTGGGAATAACACTGTCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACTGTTAATTGCTTTCACCTTGCAGCTTTTCTTACCCGGCTGGGAGATTG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	59	6	928810	928947	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.533333	GAAATGCGGCACGACTGGATCCAGTAGATGCTCTGGCACGAGAGTAATTTCATTATCTACTTGAGATAAAAATGCCAGCCGATCGGGCTGGCATTTTGCCTTTAGGATGT	GAAATGCGGCACGACTGGATCCAGTAGATGCTCTGGCACGAGAGTAATTTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTTGAGATAAAAATGCCAGCCGATCGGGCTGGCATTTTGCCTTTAGGATGT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	60	6	961853	961990	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.483333	TGGCGCGCTGCAGCTTTTCGTAGGCCTTCAACAACGACTGATGTGCAGCACATTATCTACAACGCGTGCAGATCGCTATCTACCGGTTGCAGGCCGTAAAACGCCGCTTC	TGGCGCGCTGCAGCTTTTCGTAGGCCTTCAACAACGACTGATGTGCAGCACATTATCTACCATTATCTACAACGCGTGCAGATCGCTATCTACCGGTTGCAGGCCGTAAAACGCCGCTTC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	61	6	966817	966954	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.6	CGCGTGGTGAACTGAACGCTATTGATATGGATATGAACCATATTCCTGATCATTATCTACGCGGCGATGACCATTGCCACGGCGGCGTTATTTGCAAAAGGCACCACCAC	CGCGTGGTGAACTGAACGCTATTGATATGGATATGAACCATATTCCTGATCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGCGGCGATGACCATTGCCACGGCGGCGTTATTTGCAAAAGGCACCACCAC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	62	6	971695	971832	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.55	CTTCGCCTGCGTACTGGCATTTATCCCTGTTAAAACCGTCCGTTATATCGCATTATCTACCGCTGACGTTGCTGTTTTTCGTTTGGGGCATATTATCAGCAAAGCAAATT	CTTCGCCTGCGTACTGGCATTTATCCCTGTTAAAACCGTCCGTTATATCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCGCTGACGTTGCTGTTTTTCGTTTGGGGCATATTATCAGCAAAGCAAATT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	63	6	1145617	1145754	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	TAACTCGCGCACCGGTTCGGTGGTGATGAATCGCGAAGTGACCCTCGACACATTATCTACGCTGCGCGGTAGCGCAGGGGAATCTCTCAGTAACAGTTAATCGTCAGGCC	TAACTCGCGCACCGGTTCGGTGGTGATGAATCGCGAAGTGACCCTCGACACATTATCTACCATTATCTACGCTGCGCGGTAGCGCAGGGGAATCTCTCAGTAACAGTTAATCGTCAGGCC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	64	6	1169080	1169217	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.516667	GGCTATTCATCCAGTCCGATTTCAGACCCAGCTCGTAGTTGTTACCGGTGCATTATCTACATTGGAGCCAGATATTTGCCTGAACTGTCACGATCATTTTGCGGCTGGAA	GGCTATTCATCCAGTCCGATTTCAGACCCAGCTCGTAGTTGTTACCGGTGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACATTGGAGCCAGATATTTGCCTGAACTGTCACGATCATTTTGCGGCTGGAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	65	6	1233079	1233216	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.583333	TTTCGTCAATGATTTGTCGGGCAGACGTGGAATATACCAGGCAGCTATTACATTATCTACAAGCCTCATTCAGCAGTACGTTTAGCGGACATCTCGGGGTGGGGTATAGC	TTTCGTCAATGATTTGTCGGGCAGACGTGGAATATACCAGGCAGCTATTACATTATCTACCATTATCTACAAGCCTCATTCAGCAGTACGTTTAGCGGACATCTCGGGGTGGGGTATAGC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	66	6	1493937	1494074	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.566667	CAGCCTGAATATCGATTTTTTGCTCGGCTATTTGAAAGAGTTGCTGCCGCCATTATCTACGGCGTCCTGACCTAAAAATCATTATCACTTCCGCGACTATCGACCCGGAA	CAGCCTGAATATCGATTTTTTGCTCGGCTATTTGAAAGAGTTGCTGCCGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGGCGTCCTGACCTAAAAATCATTATCACTTCCGCGACTATCGACCCGGAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	67	6	1523994	1524131	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.433333	GTGGCATGACGGGAAGCTTCGCCCTGCGACCGGAACATATCCGCCTCAACCATTATCTACACCCCTGGTGAACTGCAGGCCAATGGCACGATCCAGGCGGTGCAATATCA	GTGGCATGACGGGAAGCTTCGCCCTGCGACCGGAACATATCCGCCTCAACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACCCCTGGTGAACTGCAGGCCAATGGCACGATCCAGGCGGTGCAATATCA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	68	6	1642406	1642543	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.6	AGTGCAACCATAATGGTGCTCGGGGCATAGCTTTTATCTACAATGATAGACATTATCTACAAGCATTGGCCATGCCAGCACAATCGCGGAGGTATTCATAATAATATACG	AGTGCAACCATAATGGTGCTCGGGGCATAGCTTTTATCTACAATGATAGACATTATCTACCATTATCTACAAGCATTGGCCATGCCAGCACAATCGCGGAGGTATTCATAATAATATACG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	69	6	1754926	1755063	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.533333	TCAGTGAAGCGCGTCTGTTATTAGCATTAGCAATCCCGGTGATTCTCGCGCATTATCTACCAAATCGCCCAAACTGCGATGGGTTTTGTCGATACCGTGATGGCGGGCGG	TCAGTGAAGCGCGTCTGTTATTAGCATTAGCAATCCCGGTGATTCTCGCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCAAATCGCCCAAACTGCGATGGGTTTTGTCGATACCGTGATGGCGGGCGG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	70	6	1803313	1803450	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.7	GATATTTTAATAGTTCGCCTGCGTAATTATCCCTCTCTAATAATAATGTACATTATCTACGCCACTTGTGGCGTTAAATTAAGCCAGGCAAAGAGTTTATGTTGAATAAA	GATATTTTAATAGTTCGCCTGCGTAATTATCCCTCTCTAATAATAATGTACATTATCTACCATTATCTACGCCACTTGTGGCGTTAAATTAAGCCAGGCAAAGAGTTTATGTTGAATAAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	71	6	1941266	1941403	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.616667	GGGCGGCTTTTGGTAGCATGTTATTGTTCTTTCTGGTTGAAACATCTTATCATTATCTACAAGGGTGGCAAAACTCACCGGGGATGCAAGCGAAACAGGGGAGTCATTGC	GGGCGGCTTTTGGTAGCATGTTATTGTTCTTTCTGGTTGAAACATCTTATCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAAGGGTGGCAAAACTCACCGGGGATGCAAGCGAAACAGGGGAGTCATTGC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	72	6	2122456	2122593	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.716667	TATAAATCGCCAGTGGAGAATTAGTAAAACGATTAAATTCTACTAAATCACATTATCTACTTAACGTAATCCCATATATATTTATCATTGGTATGAAAAATATGTGCACC	TATAAATCGCCAGTGGAGAATTAGTAAAACGATTAAATTCTACTAAATCACATTATCTACCATTATCTACTTAACGTAATCCCATATATATTTATCATTGGTATGAAAAATATGTGCACC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	73	6	2180548	2180685	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	TCCACCTTTCGGTGCAGGCTAACGCCGTGAACTGGGCGACGGTGAAATTCCATTATCTACTGGCAGCAAATGGGCCTGACCCGCGTGATCCTCTCTCGCGAGCTGTCGCT	TCCACCTTTCGGTGCAGGCTAACGCCGTGAACTGGGCGACGGTGAAATTCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTGGCAGCAAATGGGCCTGACCCGCGTGATCCTCTCTCGCGAGCTGTCGCT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	74	6	2238575	2238712	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.55	AAAAATCAGCAGGTGTTTTATATCGGCACCAACCAGCCGGAAGTGCTGACCATTATCTACCGAAATCCGCCGTCATATTCTGGCTAACTTCGAAAATCTGCCGGTTGCCG	AAAAATCAGCAGGTGTTTTATATCGGCACCAACCAGCCGGAAGTGCTGACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCGAAATCCGCCGTCATATTCTGGCTAACTTCGAAAATCTGCCGGTTGCCG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	75	6	2261655	2261792	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.483333	TACATGCGCCACGGCAGGAATTGCTCGTCCAGTCAGGGCTAAGTTGCAACCATTATCTACAGAGAAGGTGCTTTAAATGCCGTCGCCCAGCCCCCTTTCACCGTTACGGT	TACATGCGCCACGGCAGGAATTGCTCGTCCAGTCAGGGCTAAGTTGCAACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAGAGAAGGTGCTTTAAATGCCGTCGCCCAGCCCCCTTTCACCGTTACGGT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	76	6	2323366	2323503	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.5	CATATGCGGAACGGTATTGATAAATGAACGCGGAGTACGCAGCACGCCGCCATTATCTACGCTCAACCTGGTGCGCCCAGAACTGGCGGGAAATCTGAAATGCTTCGTTA	CATATGCGGAACGGTATTGATAAATGAACGCGGAGTACGCAGCACGCCGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGCTCAACCTGGTGCGCCCAGAACTGGCGGGAAATCTGAAATGCTTCGTTA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	77	6	2348661	2348798	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.35	CACCCCACCAGGTAAAGCGCGCTCCGGGCCCCGCCAGTTGCATCAGCCGCCATTATCTACAGACGGTTATCCTGAATCATCTGACGAATGTCGTTAGCGGCGGCACTTTG	CACCCCACCAGGTAAAGCGCGCTCCGGGCCCCGCCAGTTGCATCAGCCGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAGACGGTTATCCTGAATCATCTGACGAATGTCGTTAGCGGCGGCACTTTG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	78	6	2366069	2366206	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.516667	ACGCGAATTGATGGAAGGCAACGCCAAAATTATTCGCCTGATTGCCCGCGCATTATCTACACGAAGCCCTGCACCTGACCGGCACCCAGCATATGCTGAATCTGCTGCGC	ACGCGAATTGATGGAAGGCAACGCCAAAATTATTCGCCTGATTGCCCGCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACGAAGCCCTGCACCTGACCGGCACCCAGCATATGCTGAATCTGCTGCGC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	79	6	2444601	2444738	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.516667	CGAATCAGCGTGGTGTACCCTTCGAAAATCAGCCCCGAAAGCCGATTTTGCATTATCTACCGAGAGCTTACCGCCAGCGCCAATTAAACCGATGATTACAGCGAGCACTA	CGAATCAGCGTGGTGTACCCTTCGAAAATCAGCCCCGAAAGCCGATTTTGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCGAGAGCTTACCGCCAGCGCCAATTAAACCGATGATTACAGCGAGCACTA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	80	6	2498280	2498417	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.566667	AAAGAAACCACCTGGTTTAATCCTGGCACGACCTCATTGGCTGAAGGTTTCATTATCTACACCTTATGTTGGCCTGACCGAACAGGATGTTCAGGACGCCCATGCGCGCT	AAAGAAACCACCTGGTTTAATCCTGGCACGACCTCATTGGCTGAAGGTTTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACCTTATGTTGGCCTGACCGAACAGGATGTTCAGGACGCCCATGCGCGCT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	81	6	2676775	2676912	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.45	CGCAGCCAACGCATCTGCGGCGTGAAGCATGACGCGGAAATTATTCGGCCCATTATCTACTCGTCCAGCCAGACTAACAAAATCGCTTCGAGGATTTTCTCGTTGGATGC	CGCAGCCAACGCATCTGCGGCGTGAAGCATGACGCGGAAATTATTCGGCCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTCGTCCAGCCAGACTAACAAAATCGCTTCGAGGATTTTCTCGTTGGATGC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	82	6	2701793	2701930	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.5	AGGCTTCATCTGTACTGGTAATGTCTTGTGCTGCCAGTGGCGCTTTGGCGCATTATCTACACGTCCGGTAACGGCAACGCTTGCGGCTGATGTTCCTGATAACTCAGTAC	AGGCTTCATCTGTACTGGTAATGTCTTGTGCTGCCAGTGGCGCTTTGGCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACGTCCGGTAACGGCAACGCTTGCGGCTGATGTTCCTGATAACTCAGTAC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	83	6	2722016	2722153	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.533333	GGTTGTTACTTCCTGACGCTTTTCCGGTACCAGGCAGCAAAAATGTGGCTCATTATCTACTCGTCTCAACGGCGATCGCCAGCATCTCTTCGGTCACCGCCATCTCCAGA	GGTTGTTACTTCCTGACGCTTTTCCGGTACCAGGCAGCAAAAATGTGGCTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTCGTCTCAACGGCGATCGCCAGCATCTCTTCGGTCACCGCCATCTCCAGA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	84	6	2760732	2760869	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.566667	CAACCAGTTCCAGACGCTTCGCTAATAAATTCAGCAGCGCTTTATCGACTCATTATCTACTCATCAATTTGATCGCGTAATGCGGTCAATTCAGCAACCATAATAAACCT	CAACCAGTTCCAGACGCTTCGCTAATAAATTCAGCAGCGCTTTATCGACTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTCATCAATTTGATCGCGTAATGCGGTCAATTCAGCAACCATAATAAACCT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	85	6	2796813	2796950	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.466667	GAAGACGACCAGGGCATTCACGTCCGCCTGATAGTTCGTGATGCCGAAGGCATTATCTACTCGGATGGTTGGCGGGCATGGAACTTTGAACCGGACGCCGGTGAAGGTTT	GAAGACGACCAGGGCATTCACGTCCGCCTGATAGTTCGTGATGCCGAAGGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACTCGGATGGTTGGCGGGCATGGAACTTTGAACCGGACGCCGGTGAAGGTTT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	86	6	2880410	2880547	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.45	TGAATGAGCCATTTATCGCCAACCCGCTGAATCTGTCGCCGCAGCGCCGCCATTATCTACATGTTGATCATCACCGGTCCGAACATGGGCGGTAAAAGTACCTATATGCG	TGAATGAGCCATTTATCGCCAACCCGCTGAATCTGTCGCCGCAGCGCCGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACATGTTGATCATCACCGGTCCGAACATGGGCGGTAAAAGTACCTATATGCG	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	87	6	2979041	2979178	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.45	GCCGTGGCAGCCTCGGTAAAGGTGACCACCAGCAGTTCTTCAACGGTCAGCATTATCTACCGGGCGGGGAAAGGCGGCGGAACCGCCTAGTCCAAGTAACAGGCGCAAAT	GCCGTGGCAGCCTCGGTAAAGGTGACCACCAGCAGTTCTTCAACGGTCAGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCGGGCGGGGAAAGGCGGCGGAACCGCCTAGTCCAAGTAACAGGCGCAAAT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	88	6	3013896	3014033	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.666667	ATTTGACATTATCAGAAGCTGCGAATTCGGATTTTGCTCTAATCAAATGACATTATCTACGAGAAATGTAAAATGAAGCCACGAAATATTAATAATAGCCTACCACTGCA	ATTTGACATTATCAGAAGCTGCGAATTCGGATTTTGCTCTAATCAAATGACATTATCTACCATTATCTACGAGAAATGTAAAATGAAGCCACGAAATATTAATAATAGCCTACCACTGCA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	89	6	3233253	3233390	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.716667	TAATTACATATTCACGGTGGCAAAAAATATAAAACCACATTTTTAGTGGTCATTATCTACAGTTTGTGGCGGTGAATTTTTCCAGACAAATACAAAAACTGGAGTTGCCA	TAATTACATATTCACGGTGGCAAAAAATATAAAACCACATTTTTAGTGGTCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAGTTTGTGGCGGTGAATTTTTCCAGACAAATACAAAAACTGGAGTTGCCA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	90	6	3308503	3308640	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.516667	GCTGGTAGCCAACGATGAGGTTGCCGAAGATCCGGTACAACAAAACCTGACATTATCTACTGGAAATGGTACTGGCAGAAGGGATCGCCGTACGTTTCTGGACGCTGCAA	GCTGGTAGCCAACGATGAGGTTGCCGAAGATCCGGTACAACAAAACCTGACATTATCTACCATTATCTACTGGAAATGGTACTGGCAGAAGGGATCGCCGTACGTTTCTGGACGCTGCAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	91	6	3404186	3404323	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.516667	TGAAAAACTACAAACCTCAGGTGGTGCTGGCTGCCGCAGGTATCTTCCTGCATTATCTACATGATGTGCGGTGTCTGGTTAGGGTTCGGTGGTGTACTCGATCCCACCAA	TGAAAAACTACAAACCTCAGGTGGTGCTGGCTGCCGCAGGTATCTTCCTGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACATGATGTGCGGTGTCTGGTTAGGGTTCGGTGGTGTACTCGATCCCACCAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	92	6	3442580	3442717	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.633333	AATGCCGCAATATGAACTCAGTTAATCCACTAAAACTGGTTAACTGTGACCATTATCTACGAACTGAATTTTCAGGACAGAATGTGAATTTACATGACACTTAATTCATT	AATGCCGCAATATGAACTCAGTTAATCCACTAAAACTGGTTAACTGTGACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGAACTGAATTTTCAGGACAGAATGTGAATTTACATGACACTTAATTCATT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	93	6	3499176	3499313	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.533333	GCTACTACAGCATAGTTGTCGTTTGACTTATCAGCTGGGGCTGGCTGAACCATTATCTACATCAGGAGCCGGTTTAACGTCCGGTGCCGGTTTCACATCCGGTGAAGGCT	GCTACTACAGCATAGTTGTCGTTTGACTTATCAGCTGGGGCTGGCTGAACCATTATCTACCATTATCTACATCAGGAGCCGGTTTAACGTCCGGTGCCGGTTTCACATCCGGTGAAGGCT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	94	6	3542390	3542527	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.566667	GCATGTGCGCATAGTAAAAAGGAATGCCATCAAACTGGGCTTTCAATCCGCATTATCTACCTCGCCAGGCCTTCGTACAAACGGGTATAGGGCAAGGGCATTGCACATAC	GCATGTGCGCATAGTAAAAAGGAATGCCATCAAACTGGGCTTTCAATCCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCTCGCCAGGCCTTCGTACAAACGGGTATAGGGCAAGGGCATTGCACATAC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	95	6	4086305	4086442	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.333333	GTCATGCGCCGGGCAGCCGCGCAGCGGGCGGAAACACCACGTCAGGCAGCCATTATCTACAAAGGCCAGAACGCACCAAAAGATCCACGTATTGGCAGTAAAACCCCTAT	GTCATGCGCCGGGCAGCCGCGCAGCGGGCGGAAACACCACGTCAGGCAGCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACAAAGGCCAGAACGCACCAAAAGATCCACGTATTGGCAGTAAAACCCCTAT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	96	6	4316532	4316669	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.433333	TTTGCGCAACTTGCCTCACGGTGTGGCGCACGGCACGGGGATTGGTATCGCATTATCTACGTCTGTTCCTGCTGCTCATTGCCGCTAACGGTGTCGGTCTGGTGATTAAA	TTTGCGCAACTTGCCTCACGGTGTGGCGCACGGCACGGGGATTGGTATCGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGTCTGTTCCTGCTGCTCATTGCCGCTAACGGTGTCGGTCTGGTGATTAAA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	97	6	4409275	4409412	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.65	CACGACACTGAACATACGAATTTAAGGAATAAAGATAATGGCAGCTAAAGCATTATCTACACGTAAAATTCGGTAACGACGCTCGTGTGAAAATGCTGCGCGGCGTAAAC	CACGACACTGAACATACGAATTTAAGGAATAAAGATAATGGCAGCTAAAGCATTATCTACCATTATCTACACGTAAAATTCGGTAACGACGCTCGTGTGAAAATGCTGCGCGGCGTAAAC	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	98	6	4537710	4537847	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.55	GCAGAACTTGATGGTATGCCTGCGATCAATGCCAAACGTGTTTACCGGATCATTATCTACCATGCGCCAGAATGCGCTGTTGCTTGAGCGAAAACCTGCTGTACCGCCAT	GCAGAACTTGATGGTATGCCTGCGATCAATGCCAAACGTGTTTACCGGATCATTATCTACCATTATCTACCATGCGCCAGAATGCGCTGTTGCTTGAGCGAAAACCTGCTGTACCGCCAT	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	99	6	4563971	4564108	+	138	10	1	CATTATCTAC	CATTATCTAC	18	0.944444	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAG	CTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	0.7	0.666667	0.52518	0.55	GCATTGCCTTTTTATCAAGGGTTCCGTCACGATGAAACGTGCTGGATACCCATTATCTACGGTGGAATAATGCCGCTGAATTTTTTCATTACCTCAGTTTCCTTTTCGTA	GCATTGCCTTTTTATCAAGGGTTCCGTCACGATGAAACGTGCTGGATACCCATTATCTACCATTATCTACGGTGGAATAATGCCGCTGAATTTTTTCATTACCTCAGTTTCCTTTTCGTA	CAATACAGTTCAGTTAAGGCAACAACAACTTAGACCGGTGTAGGTTGGGTGGAGGAGCGGAACCCAACATTCTCAAGACTTTGTTGGGTTCTGCTATCGCTCCACCCAACCTACCATTCTCTTAACTGAACCGTATTG	36.999992	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	100	3	18272	18490	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.40678	AGCATGGGCGTTCTCCAGCGAAGCGACTGGAGCATGTGTTGCACCCGTGGCGCAGATATGTGGCGTATCTGATTTTGCCGCTGTTTGCATTTGCTAATGCTGGCGTTTC	AGCATGGGCGTTCTCCAGCGAAGCGACTGGAGCATGTGTTGCACCCGTGGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTGGCGTATCTGATTTTGCCGCTGTTTGCATTTGCTAATGCTGGCGTTTC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	101	3	42686	42904	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.59322	TTCTGGAGATGCAATGAAGATTATTACTTGCTATAAGTGCGTGCCTGATGCGCAGATATAACAGGATATTGCGGTCAATAATGCTGATGGTTCATTAGACTTCAGCAAA	TTCTGGAGATGCAATGAAGATTATTACTTGCTATAAGTGCGTGCCTGATGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATAACAGGATATTGCGGTCAATAATGCTGATGGTTCATTAGACTTCAGCAAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	102	3	254893	255111	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.644068	TTATATTTATATACTCTAAATAATTCGAGTTGCAGGAAGGCGACAAGCGACGCAGATATGTGAATCGCCAGGAGCTTACATAAGTAAGTGACTGGGGTGAACGAACGCA	TTATATTTATATACTCTAAATAATTCGAGTTGCAGGAAGGCGACAAGCGACGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTGAATCGCCAGGAGCTTACATAAGTAAGTGACTGGGGTGAACGAACGCA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	103	3	397883	398101	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	AACTGGGTATAAGGCTTGCCGGACGCATTCGCCAGTGCATCTGCCAGCAGCGCAGATATGTCGAACGCAAGGTTAGAGTACGCCGCCTGACTGCCTGGCGCGGCTTTCA	AACTGGGTATAAGGCTTGCCGGACGCATTCGCCAGTGCATCTGCCAGCAGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTCGAACGCAAGGTTAGAGTACGCCGCCTGACTGCCTGGCGCGGCTTTCA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	104	3	422495	422713	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.491525	GCCGCTGAAAATTATCGCGCTGGTCATCCTGTCTGTTGCCGCTATTGTCTCGCAGATATGGCCGGCGGGTTCTATCAGCACGGCGACTGAGGCTTATCAAAACGCTGCG	GCCGCTGAAAATTATCGCGCTGGTCATCCTGTCTGTTGCCGCTATTGTCTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGGCCGGCGGGTTCTATCAGCACGGCGACTGAGGCTTATCAAAACGCTGCG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	105	3	426968	427186	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.491525	GACGGGATTCTGGCTTTGCCTGCCATTTCGGCTACGGTATGGATGAACTACGCAGATATACGTTTTATAACGCCTTGCGTGACGCCTGCGCCATCATCCGCGGATAAAA	GACGGGATTCTGGCTTTGCCTGCCATTTCGGCTACGGTATGGATGAACTACGCAGATATCGCAGATATACGTTTTATAACGCCTTGCGTGACGCCTGCGCCATCATCCGCGGATAAAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	106	3	509805	510023	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.508475	GCAGAAAACAAAAAACAGGTCGATTACGTGCCGGGTACGCCATGCAAACCCGCAGATATAGATCAACAAAACGGCATCTGGATTGTGCAGGCGCATGAGTGGGGCAAAT	GCAGAAAACAAAAAACAGGTCGATTACGTGCCGGGTACGCCATGCAAACCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATAGATCAACAAAACGGCATCTGGATTGTGCAGGCGCATGAGTGGGGCAAAT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	107	3	518517	518735	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.40678	CCTGGAAGAGAGCGGCGAGCTGGTGAATCTGTTTAACGACCCGCAGCGGCCGCAGATATACAGCGCCGACGTCAAACGGCGCACGCTGGAGAAGGTGGCGGAGATCGAA	CCTGGAAGAGAGCGGCGAGCTGGTGAATCTGTTTAACGACCCGCAGCGGCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATACAGCGCCGACGTCAAACGGCGCACGCTGGAGAAGGTGGCGGAGATCGAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	108	3	643121	643339	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.610169	GGGTGATATATAGTGATTCAGCAGCTTTGCTAATGCTTAAATGCTGGTAACGCAGATATATACACTCAAATATGACAAGAAGATTTAAGTCGAACTTTTTCAAGTCGTA	GGGTGATATATAGTGATTCAGCAGCTTTGCTAATGCTTAAATGCTGGTAACGCAGATATCGCAGATATATACACTCAAATATGACAAGAAGATTTAAGTCGAACTTTTTCAAGTCGTA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	109	3	811482	811700	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.542373	GAATATTGCCGAGGAGTACGCGACTAAACGCTATCGTTCTAACGTCATCACGCAGATATACTGGGGGATGTTACCGCTGCAAATGGCGGAAGTACCAACCTTTGAAGTG	GAATATTGCCGAGGAGTACGCGACTAAACGCTATCGTTCTAACGTCATCACGCAGATATCGCAGATATACTGGGGGATGTTACCGCTGCAAATGGCGGAAGTACCAACCTTTGAAGTG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	110	3	949818	950036	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.474576	GATGTGCTGAAAGCGGCTTGCCGTCAGGAAATGTGGATCAACCCGCTTGACGCAGATATTGCCCAAAAACGCGGTATCCACAACGGCGATAAAGTCAGGATCTTTAACG	GATGTGCTGAAAGCGGCTTGCCGTCAGGAAATGTGGATCAACCCGCTTGACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGCCCAAAAACGCGGTATCCACAACGGCGATAAAGTCAGGATCTTTAACG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	111	3	1003876	1004094	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.474576	TCAGCGGGCGTCAGGTAAGTGGGTTGGATATCGGTAAACTTAAGTCCGGCCGCAGATATCTGACGCAGTGCACGCAGTAAAAGGTTGTGTGAACTGGAACCTTTCTGAA	TCAGCGGGCGTCAGGTAAGTGGGTTGGATATCGGTAAACTTAAGTCCGGCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATCTGACGCAGTGCACGCAGTAAAAGGTTGTGTGAACTGGAACCTTTCTGAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	112	3	1074240	1074458	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.457627	CATGACCAGAACGAACGCACGCCGATTGGCGGCAAAATCGTTTTCCAGCGCGCAGATATTTGGCATGACAGCAAAGCCAATCGCGATTTGATGAAAATTGAATATGTGT	CATGACCAGAACGAACGCACGCCGATTGGCGGCAAAATCGTTTTCCAGCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTTGGCATGACAGCAAAGCCAATCGCGATTTGATGAAAATTGAATATGTGT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	113	3	1104157	1104375	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.694915	AGCATTTAGTGATGCAAAGGTATTCAAATGATTCCTGATTATTTAACTTTCGCAGATATTATTCGCTTTCAGGATAAACGAAATCTGATATACATTTATGCTATTGGAC	AGCATTTAGTGATGCAAAGGTATTCAAATGATTCCTGATTATTTAACTTTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTATTCGCTTTCAGGATAAACGAAATCTGATATACATTTATGCTATTGGAC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	114	3	1460550	1460768	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	TAGCTGATGACTTTGAGCAACCGGGCATCTTGTTTCAGGCCATCTTTACCCGCAGATATATCGAAATAACCTACGGTCAGCGGCGTGGTAATCACTTTTTTCGCATCAG	TAGCTGATGACTTTGAGCAACCGGGCATCTTGTTTCAGGCCATCTTTACCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATATCGAAATAACCTACGGTCAGCGGCGTGGTAATCACTTTTTTCGCATCAG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	115	3	1534958	1535176	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.491525	ATATGGCGAGGGTGAAAACGGTGAGACTTGCCTGCCTTTTATCACGGCGTCGCAGATATATCCGGCACTTTCGTCAGTAATCTGAATTTGCCCGGCACGTAGCCGGGCA	ATATGGCGAGGGTGAAAACGGTGAGACTTGCCTGCCTTTTATCACGGCGTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATATCCGGCACTTTCGTCAGTAATCTGAATTTGCCCGGCACGTAGCCGGGCA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	116	3	1600023	1600241	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.59322	AATTCGCGTTAAGAGCAACACGGTTTTCTCTATATTCTGTCGCAAATGGTCGCAGATATAATATGGCATAGCCACGCCAGTCGGTATGAATTCCGGTCTGGTTCTCTAT	AATTCGCGTTAAGAGCAACACGGTTTTCTCTATATTCTGTCGCAAATGGTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATAATATGGCATAGCCACGCCAGTCGGTATGAATTCCGGTCTGGTTCTCTAT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	117	3	1739375	1739593	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.576271	TACGGTTATCGCGTTTGTGGAAGATCCGGACGGTTACAAAATTGAGTTAACGCAGATATTCGAAGAGAAAGACGCCGGTCGCGGTCTGGGCAACTAATCTCCTGCCGGG	TACGGTTATCGCGTTTGTGGAAGATCCGGACGGTTACAAAATTGAGTTAACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTCGAAGAGAAAGACGCCGGTCGCGGTCTGGGCAACTAATCTCCTGCCGGG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	118	3	1807515	1807733	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.576271	TGATTTACGCCAACTTTCTTACATTCGGATAAAATATCCGCTGCGGGAACCGCAGATATGTTTTCTGCGACCACCACCGCGATGTCACGACGGTTCGCCGGGAAGCGAG	TGATTTACGCCAACTTTCTTACATTCGGATAAAATATCCGCTGCGGGAACCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTTTTCTGCGACCACCACCGCGATGTCACGACGGTTCGCCGGGAAGCGAG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	119	3	2071907	2072125	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	AACGGGCATCACGAGCACCTTTAAATCCAGCGGGTAGCACCCATGAGGCGCGCAGATATGACCAAATAGGCATAAATAAAGCATTTAGCCAAATCAGAATCACAACGAC	AACGGGCATCACGAGCACCTTTAAATCCAGCGGGTAGCACCCATGAGGCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGACCAAATAGGCATAAATAAAGCATTTAGCCAAATCAGAATCACAACGAC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	120	3	2088790	2089008	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.474576	GAATGTGACCTTCTGACAGAACCATCGCCTCTCTGTGGTCCCGGTCATCACGCAGATATTGACCGGGACCCGGACCGGCGCAACGGATCTTCAACGCCACATTCGCTGG	GAATGTGACCTTCTGACAGAACCATCGCCTCTCTGTGGTCCCGGTCATCACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGACCGGGACCCGGACCGGCGCAACGGATCTTCAACGCCACATTCGCTGG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	121	3	2250341	2250559	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	ACAACGAAGTCGGTAACACACTCACCCTTGAGCAGCTGAAAGCAGAAAACCGCAGATATCGCGCGGTACTGGTCACCGTGGGGTTATCAAGCGGTTCCGGGCTACCGCT	ACAACGAAGTCGGTAACACACTCACCCTTGAGCAGCTGAAAGCAGAAAACCGCAGATATCGCAGATATCGCGCGGTACTGGTCACCGTGGGGTTATCAAGCGGTTCCGGGCTACCGCT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	122	3	2257885	2258103	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	GGATATTCGCCAGCCATACCGGAATAACAAACGCCAGCAGCTCCAGGCGGCGCAGATATTCAAAATGCATAAACAAACCGAGGTGGTAAAAAAGCGTGGTACAAATCAG	GGATATTCGCCAGCCATACCGGAATAACAAACGCCAGCAGCTCCAGGCGGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTCAAAATGCATAAACAAACCGAGGTGGTAAAAAAGCGTGGTACAAATCAG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	123	3	2284175	2284393	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	CAACGCATGCTGGCAGGTATTCGCATACATCAGGGGCGCGAAACGGACTGCGCAGATATGTCGTTGCTGGCATTAGGCGTTGCAGGCTGGATGCGTTACGTCAGCGGCG	CAACGCATGCTGGCAGGTATTCGCATACATCAGGGGCGCGAAACGGACTGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTCGTTGCTGGCATTAGGCGTTGCAGGCTGGATGCGTTACGTCAGCGGCG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	124	3	2350397	2350615	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.542373	ATACGTAACAGGAACCTGTTTTGAAGATTCCAGCGCGGCATAACGGAACACGCAGATATCAACCGACTCGCCGCTATTACTGTATTGTGCGGCAGTACTTAATGAGTAA	ATACGTAACAGGAACCTGTTTTGAAGATTCCAGCGCGGCATAACGGAACACGCAGATATCGCAGATATCAACCGACTCGCCGCTATTACTGTATTGTGCGGCAGTACTTAATGAGTAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	125	3	2403205	2403423	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	GGTATCAATGTAGCTGTAGTTGCCGTTACCAACATCGGCAATTCGCACCACGCAGATATTCATTGCCTCGTTGTAATTGCTATTCCCCACGCCAAACGTCGACAGAGTA	GGTATCAATGTAGCTGTAGTTGCCGTTACCAACATCGGCAATTCGCACCACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTCATTGCCTCGTTGTAATTGCTATTCCCCACGCCAAACGTCGACAGAGTA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	126	3	2539300	2539518	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.491525	TAGGTTGGGGAACCATCGGTACGGCGGATAATAAGATCGTCCAGTTCCTGCGCAGATATGTTGCTGAACTCGATCGGACCACGGATCTGATCGTCAAAAACAACAGAAC	TAGGTTGGGGAACCATCGGTACGGCGGATAATAAGATCGTCCAGTTCCTGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTTGCTGAACTCGATCGGACCACGGATCTGATCGTCAAAAACAACAGAAC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	127	3	2781736	2781954	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.610169	TTACGTTACGCATGGGTCAGAGAATATACCAAAAATAGAAAGCGGCATTACGCAGATATCCATTTGATACTGTGTTTCAATCAGGATGCTTATTATCATTTAGGTGATT	TTACGTTACGCATGGGTCAGAGAATATACCAAAAATAGAAAGCGGCATTACGCAGATATCGCAGATATCCATTTGATACTGTGTTTCAATCAGGATGCTTATTATCATTTAGGTGATT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	128	3	2847190	2847408	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.423729	GGGCGGAGAGGTGTTTACCGGGATGGTGACCGGCATTCTTCCGCTGTTGACGCAGATATTTAGCCTGCTGGTTATCATGAACGCACTGATTAATTTTATCGGTCAGCAT	GGGCGGAGAGGTGTTTACCGGGATGGTGACCGGCATTCTTCCGCTGTTGACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTTAGCCTGCTGGTTATCATGAACGCACTGATTAATTTTATCGGTCAGCAT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	129	3	2910214	2910432	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.508475	GCCAGGATTTCCGGCTCGGTGATGTTTTCTTTATACATCCGTGGGATACGCGCAGATATTGTCCCAATGCGGTTGCCGCCAAGATGCAGGTTGTAGCGACCCGGCGCTT	GCCAGGATTTCCGGCTCGGTGATGTTTTCTTTATACATCCGTGGGATACGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGTCCCAATGCGGTTGCCGCCAAGATGCAGGTTGTAGCGACCCGGCGCTT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	130	3	3028346	3028564	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.59322	GGGAAAATTGCAATGAATCACAGCGAAACAATTACCATCGAATGCACCATCGCAGATATTAACGGGATGCCTTTTCAGCTTCACGCCGCACCAGGCACGCCGCTCTCGG	GGGAAAATTGCAATGAATCACAGCGAAACAATTACCATCGAATGCACCATCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTAACGGGATGCCTTTTCAGCTTCACGCCGCACCAGGCACGCCGCTCTCGG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	131	3	3067678	3067896	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.542373	TGTATGGAATGCGTTTGCAGACGTAGAAAATCACCCCGAGCGAATAAACCCGCAGATATACGCCGCCTACCGCCAGTAAGGTAACGCTGCCCGCCGCGAGCTTAACTGC	TGTATGGAATGCGTTTGCAGACGTAGAAAATCACCCCGAGCGAATAAACCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATACGCCGCCTACCGCCAGTAAGGTAACGCTGCCCGCCGCGAGCTTAACTGC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	132	3	3217667	3217885	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.474576	ATAAAGGGAGCCGGAACCTTCGGGAATGGCTACAAAAAGCCCGCAGTCTGCGCAGATATTAGTGGCGGTCCTGAACCGCAATTATCAGTAACTTTTCCAGTACGAGTGC	ATAAAGGGAGCCGGAACCTTCGGGAATGGCTACAAAAAGCCCGCAGTCTGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTAGTGGCGGTCCTGAACCGCAATTATCAGTAACTTTTCCAGTACGAGTGC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	133	3	3238599	3238817	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.389831	CCACGAGGTTATCGCTCGCTTTGCGATTGGTTTTGCGCCCCCCGGCTGGGCGCAGATATACAACGTCCTGAAGCGGTTTGGCGGCAATCCAGAAAATCGCCAGTCATTG	CCACGAGGTTATCGCTCGCTTTGCGATTGGTTTTGCGCCCCCCGGCTGGGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATACAACGTCCTGAAGCGGTTTGGCGGCAATCCAGAAAATCGCCAGTCATTG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	134	3	3277873	3278091	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.508475	TGGTAGCGCGCATTTTAATGCCGATTCTGTTTATTACCGCTGGCTGGGGACGCAGATATAAAATTACTGGCTACGCGGGTACCCAACAATATATGGAAGCAATGGGCGT	TGGTAGCGCGCATTTTAATGCCGATTCTGTTTATTACCGCTGGCTGGGGACGCAGATATCGCAGATATAAAATTACTGGCTACGCGGGTACCCAACAATATATGGAAGCAATGGGCGT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	135	3	3287371	3287589	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.59322	ATGGTGGCAAAATCATTCAGATCGGTGATAAACACGGTCATCTTGATGATCGCAGATATATCGCCCACGCTCAGCCCGGCAGCAACCACGATCGCTTTGACGTTTTCGA	ATGGTGGCAAAATCATTCAGATCGGTGATAAACACGGTCATCTTGATGATCGCAGATATCGCAGATATATCGCCCACGCTCAGCCCGGCAGCAACCACGATCGCTTTGACGTTTTCGA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	136	3	3311945	3312163	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	GTGCATTCCTGACCGATCCACAAGAAGCTAAACGCTTTGTCGAACTGACTCGCAGATATGGCGTCGACAGCCTGGCGGTAGCGATTGGTACGGCGCACGGCTTATACAG	GTGCATTCCTGACCGATCCACAAGAAGCTAAACGCTTTGTCGAACTGACTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGGCGTCGACAGCCTGGCGGTAGCGATTGGTACGGCGCACGGCTTATACAG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	137	3	3345673	3345891	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	CGCGGTTTACTTTTTTCACCACGCCGGTGATGATTTCACCTTCGTGTTCACGCAGATATCGGAACTGATCAACCACCATCGCACGTTCGGCTTCACGCACTTTCTGCAC	CGCGGTTTACTTTTTTCACCACGCCGGTGATGATTTCACCTTCGTGTTCACGCAGATATCGCAGATATCGGAACTGATCAACCACCATCGCACGTTCGGCTTCACGCACTTTCTGCAC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	138	3	3535159	3535377	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.525424	TGCGATTCGGGTTAATGCGAATCGCACAATGTTCTGATTGTGGATTCGCCCGCAGATATTGGCGAAACGTTCCGGAAAGGCGATAAAAGAGCGGCGGGATTTCATATTT	TGCGATTCGGGTTAATGCGAATCGCACAATGTTCTGATTGTGGATTCGCCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGGCGAAACGTTCCGGAAAGGCGATAAAAGAGCGGCGGGATTTCATATTT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	139	3	3567690	3567908	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.610169	ATTGTCGGCTACGATGAAATTTTTGGCCGTAAAGATTACATCTCTATCGACGCAGATATTTCCCCGATGGCCCGCGCATTGCTGAAAAAAGAAGTCGGCGATCTGGCGG	ATTGTCGGCTACGATGAAATTTTTGGCCGTAAAGATTACATCTCTATCGACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTTCCCCGATGGCCCGCGCATTGCTGAAAAAAGAAGTCGGCGATCTGGCGG	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	140	3	3639880	3640098	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	CAGGAGATAAGGCAAACCGATCGCAACATTGAGCGCGATCGGTCCCCTCGCGCAGATATCCCCTCTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAAGGCGGCATCGAAGCCA	CAGGAGATAAGGCAAACCGATCGCAACATTGAGCGCGATCGGTCCCCTCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATCCCCTCTGGGGAGAGGGTTAGGGTGAGGGGAAAAGGCGGCATCGAAGCCA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	141	3	3679206	3679424	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.457627	AGCATCTGGATTACAGCAACATTCCGACCGTGGTCTTCAGCCATCCGCCGCGCAGATATATTGGTACTGTTGGTTTAACGGAACCGCAGGCGCGCGAGCAGTATGGCGA	AGCATCTGGATTACAGCAACATTCCGACCGTGGTCTTCAGCCATCCGCCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATATTGGTACTGTTGGTTTAACGGAACCGCAGGCGCGCGAGCAGTATGGCGA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	142	3	3703834	3704052	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.508475	GCACCACGGTTTTTTGCAGCAACCAGTAGCAAAACTCACCATCCTGATCGCGCAGATATCCATCGAGCATAACTAAGGCTTCAGGGTAACTTTCCAGCTTTTGCCATAA	GCACCACGGTTTTTTGCAGCAACCAGTAGCAAAACTCACCATCCTGATCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATCCATCGAGCATAACTAAGGCTTCAGGGTAACTTTCCAGCTTTTGCCATAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	143	3	3964376	3964594	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.508475	TTGCGGAACTGGCGCTCGTTAATGGCGGTGAGCAAGGTATTAAGAATTGCCGCAGATATCGGGCCCGCTTTCCAGATCTCATCCAGAAAGACAATTTCTGCTTCCGGCA	TTGCGGAACTGGCGCTCGTTAATGGCGGTGAGCAAGGTATTAAGAATTGCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATCGGGCCCGCTTTCCAGATCTCATCCAGAAAGACAATTTCTGCTTCCGGCA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	144	3	3986927	3987145	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.40678	TGGGTAGCGAAGCGCGCCGCCACGGTTATCAGGAAGGTATCGCGCTGGATCGCAGATATGTGAACGGTTATATCTCTGAAGGCGCAGGCGAAAACCTGTTTGAAGTGAA	TGGGTAGCGAAGCGCGCCGCCACGGTTATCAGGAAGGTATCGCGCTGGATCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGTGAACGGTTATATCTCTGAAGGCGCAGGCGAAAACCTGTTTGAAGTGAA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	145	3	4071141	4071359	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.491525	GTTTTCAGAGATGAGAATGTGCCTTCGGGAACCGTGAGACAGGTGCTGCACGCAGATATTGGCTGTCGTCAGCTCGTGTTGTGAAATGTTGGGTTAAGTCCCGCAACGA	GTTTTCAGAGATGAGAATGTGCCTTCGGGAACCGTGAGACAGGTGCTGCACGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGGCTGTCGTCAGCTCGTGTTGTGAAATGTTGGGTTAAGTCCCGCAACGA	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	146	3	4151125	4151343	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.559322	ATAAACGCTTCATTCGGCATTTACATTATTCGTCGTGTTCTTCCCACGCCCGCAGATATATCGCGCGTTTAACCGCTTTTTTCCAGCCTGCGTAACGGTAATTACGCTC	ATAAACGCTTCATTCGGCATTTACATTATTCGTCGTGTTCTTCCCACGCCCGCAGATATCGCAGATATATCGCGCGTTTAACCGCTTTTTTCCAGCCTGCGTAACGGTAATTACGCTC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	147	3	4295878	4296096	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.457627	TATCTGCTGGACGGCATGTTTATAGGCGCAACGCGTGCCACCGAAATGCGCGCAGATATTAACAGTATGGCGGTGGCCGCCGCAGGTTTTGCGCTGACGCTCCTTACGC	TATCTGCTGGACGGCATGTTTATAGGCGCAACGCGTGCCACCGAAATGCGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTAACAGTATGGCGGTGGCCGCCGCAGGTTTTGCGCTGACGCTCCTTACGC	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	148	3	4344914	4345132	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.423729	CTGGTGGCAATGGCCCGTGCCGCGTTTTCAAGCAGACTCTGGACGAAAGGCGCAGATATGGCGTTTTCCGCATGGACGAAAAGATCGCGCAATGGGTAATTTCGGGGCT	CTGGTGGCAATGGCCCGTGCCGCGTTTTCAAGCAGACTCTGGACGAAAGGCGCAGATATCGCAGATATGGCGTTTTCCGCATGGACGAAAAGATCGCGCAATGGGTAATTTCGGGGCT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
gi|49175990|ref|NC_000913.2|	149	3	4367849	4368067	+	219	9	1	CGCAGATAT	CGCAGATAT	21	1	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTT	AAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	0.555556	0.47619	0.477273	0.440678	CGAGCAAATTTTTACCCGCTGGCGTGCTGGGGCGTATAACGCCTGGTCGTCGCAGATATTGCCTGGGCGCTGTTTTATCGTTCTGGAGGAGTTGCGCTGGGGGGCATTT	CGAGCAAATTTTTACCCGCTGGCGTGCTGGGGCGTATAACGCCTGGTCGTCGCAGATATCGCAGATATTGCCTGGGCGCTGTTTTATCGTTCTGGAGGAGTTGCGCTGGGGGGCATTT	CAGCGTTGTCCGGTTTGGTTTTTGCTTACGTCCCGTAGGGACAGAATACTGGTAGCCGGGGAATTCATTCCCCGGTCATCCAGGCAAAATATCATCACGTCACGTACGTGACGTGGGGAAATATAGCATCTCATCCGGGGGATGAATCCCCCGGCTACATTCAAACGCCCCTAATGGGGCTTAACAACCTTGATGCACAAACCAAACCGGACAACGCTG	39	Full Copy
